Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
That's impossible.
This is gonna hurt.
Just finish me!
What are you waiting for?
The moment of clarity.
Sin.
Between the prey...
and the hunter.
Wolfsbane.
A powerful agent of affliction.
To those of weaker status.
But you know this, don't you, Vasha?
Please.
Please spare my family.
But we are your family now.
And I assure you,
no harm will come to us.
I don't know where she is.
I know.
Your death shall light the fire.
Go to hell!
Chase, what are you doing out here, bro,
it's major patty fest inside.
Mark, you gotta stop doing that.
Dude, it's a Lambda Omega Lambda party,
and you're out here doodling?
Listen, I know you got back
in town and stuff, but...
you really need to know the things
they're calling us around school.
One two three foreskin,
butt buddies,
and my personal favorite...
two pricks for sure-a.
Listen, if you don't go
inside there right now,
you might as well kill me because...
what you're doing right now,
as your roommate,
you're committing social murder, okay?
You... you're a murderer.
Butt buddies.
Kinda dumb if you ask me.
God, after all I just said...
Listen, it's literally the temple
of poon inside there
and you're out here talking to yourself.
Noted.
What were you looking at anyway?
When?
When I came outside to talk to you,
you looked like
a brain dead mule or something.
I... gotta go.
Man, don't do this to me, man.
Not right now, come on.
At least grab a titty or something!
What?
Same feeling as before.
Why can't I control it?
What's happening to me?
To lure its prey, to take its place.
That was its final request.
What do these last words mean?
That last quote...
from Le Wolf.
What does it mean? Anybody?
Maybe he felt that in order to survive,
it must sacrifice itself to live.
But it's stronger than the prey.
I think it's a metaphor.
How so, Chase?
If you know anything about lycanthropy,
then you know that being able
to transform into a wolf
doesn't automatically...
induce the terminology werewolf.
In fact, the creature described
in the story, walking on two legs,
is more of that of a lycan.
Expand, Chase.
I think in many ways
the Lycan is the prey.
Very good. Good, Chase.
The Lycan, as you call it,
is vulnerable.
It's fragile in its vulnerability
and it became clear
that to truly understand
this vulnerability,
it must allow itself to be the prey.
It needed the prey to save it
from what it was meant to be.
What an interesting young man here.
In the over 2,000 year history
of this story,
no one has ever gotten
the metaphor correct.
I think I heard something.
Really?
No, I'm serious.
I think I heard something.
I guess I'll go check it out.
Hey, are any scary
creepy things out here?
- James!
- All right, all right.
Are there any wild animals out here?
Hey!
No! Hey, no!
James!
James?
James, this isn't funny.
Chaz, what the hell?
Where's James?
You mean the wolfman?
Yeah, get that shit, bro.
Oh, someone help me,
I've been taken advantage of
by the big bad wolfman.
You like 'em cheap.
Scary enough for her.
I think it got me more hot
than one man can handle.
Hear that, Chaz?
Yeah, I heard her.
What are you waiting for?
Oh, my God!
You should be a bit more careful.
Are you out of your mind?
Stay in tonight.
You never know who's watching.
Let me help.
Oh, thanks, I think I got it.
You're Amy, right?
Yes. We have Literature together,
I sit three rows down from you.
I sit three rows down from you?
Stalk much, Amy?
Way to come off like a weirdo.
I noticed you weren't in class today.
Are you busy working on your end
of the year assignment?
Oh, yeah, actually, I was thinking
about working on that later.
Nice save, Amy, you're back in the game!
Well, if you're not busy
later on tonight,
there's this really cool
underground rave.
It's not too far away from Lankley
and a lot of the surrounding counties...
you know, people
from all over sort of...
get together and it's...
it's really different.
Thanks, I'll check that out.
Oh, and there's this historic bridge
past the old Willows off 27.
You know, for... for your project.
- Thanks, I might check that out.
- There you go.
I'm sorry, did you say something?
No, just...
See you tonight.
Strange.
I wonder what happened
in the woods that night.
What could do that to human flesh?
Is it the same girl as before?
Don't turn around.
Hey, sorry, I was just...
I... what do you want?
I just...
Look down, don't look at me.
You're not like them.
What the hell was that about?
Hey, Chase, where are you, man?
He doesn't seem to get it.
He's gonna get himself killed.
Hey, wait a second.
Why'd you pull me away from my friends?
You have no idea
when to be quiet, do you?
What's your name?
As in...
Who the hell are you?
There it is again.
Your inability to not speak.
Are you gonna walk me home or what?
I'm Chase.
Seriously?
I'm Le Dawn.
Wait, do you mean just Dawn
because Le Dawn seems a bit strange.
Okay, so call me what you want then
since Chase is so much better.
No, I was just saying
maybe I didn't hear you correctly.
Look, Dawn's the only name
I can hear in my head, okay?
Okay.
Dawn... it's nice to meet you.
Now do you mind telling me
why you pulled me out of that party?
Because I needed someone
to walk me home.
Yeah, well, I don't get
a lot of company.
Dawn...
I seriously need to learn
how to turn my head faster.
I like your outfit.
I heard you guys were werewolves.
- What is Gecko thinking?
- Ladies...
Sin... is a man of few words.
So how come I haven't seen you
around campus?
They don't normally
let me out of my cage.
Well, I think you're the most
beautiful girl on campus.
Are you wearing beer goggles?
She is the most beautiful girl on campus.
- Don't you have something better to do?
- Don't you have a curfew?
Gecko, make yourself useful.
Oh, forever the parent, Kaio?
Kaio, Gecko...
let's not play with our food.
Well, this should be fun.
Was I dreaming of you?
You can't be real.
Why are you following me?
If I turn around...
will you still be there?
That depends entirely on you.
What are you running from?
Same thing as you it seems.
Careful, it could cut you.
Then what will you do?
What will you do?
I can see everything
you're hearing right now.
You'll never speak freely again.
What is this? Is this of her creation?
A dream?
The nightmare.
Wake up!
Chase, wake up!
Chase...
- Are you with us?
I hope you're finding your assignments to be
challenging and intellectually stimulating.
What the hell?
- Sorry, sorry.
- Chase...
What the fuck are you looking at?
Freak.
I...
I think I have to be...
Don't even think about it.
Chase, I need you to stand up.
What's happening to me?
We don't have much time for this. You need
to come with me before it's too late.
No.
I'm done following strange people.
I am Danse, we have Literature together.
Okay.
Why are you...
Are you real?
Gather yourself! Follow me!
There's someone I need you to meet
if we are to save your life.
Don't you move, or I'll end you.
It's one of yours, I assume.
Chase, meet my father, Henrick.
How you doing, boy?
You gotta stop bringing home these
arty guys, they're nothing but trouble.
A man's quarrel stems from his inability
to recognize his own shortcomings.
Okay, when the measuring contest is over,
the grownups are gonna be in the house.
A drink for the lady?
In case you were wondering,
A Nightmare Before Christmas,
I was referring to you.
Henrick, it's time.
Oh, come on, I was just teasing.
What the hell happened
to all the fun in the world?
The world realized
how crazy it truly was.
See? Brains and looks.
She is a good stall.
The red moon is approaching.
You know the trick to really good hooch?
Is keep what they call the four shot,
you know what that is? Of course you don't.
You don't know what I'm saying 'cause you
guys ain't that bright. Back in the day...
they was making this stuff
on the mills and out in the coal mines,
they was using radiator fluid and methanol
and antifreeze, I mean...
that stuff will take the edge off.
Yeah, boy, and during the war,
you know, the boys discovered
that if you take the four shot
or the first few ounce of alcohol
that drip from the condenser,
you went from 50 proof to 300 proof
to 500 proof, and let me tell you...
a bullet to the head wouldn't come
a knocking till half past boat man's
if you know what I'm saying.
The Vietnam War?
Is that what the kids
are calling it these days?
Chang ching Chong mi!
The American war.
The American...
You see, the problem...
With trying to stop the ferment
of the sugar in the brew from hardening,
is you can never really get
the damn thing under control.
It never acts the way you want it to,
so the recipe, no not the recipe,
the secret is to not try and control it.
Better stay very still till it's ready.
Then boom!
Then you're silent.
Neither one of you
will see it till it's too late
and before you know it,
you're watching your friends
on all sides,
the BPA, the NFA, and the Vietcongs,
it all becomes the same.
Yeah.
Just one big brew...
of white lightning.
Sometimes you gotta spit it out
'cause it's...
'Cause... 'cause it's too hot,
if you know what I'm saying.
But by then, the taste is already
in your mouth, you know,
and it just sits there
and it ferments blue,
it ferments yellower than hell.
All I really remember
about it is red eyes.
Red eyes right through me, laser like,
I mean, pow, red eyes, man!
Right at me!
Yeah, boy.
Changed everything.
Werewolves?
Sorry, Vietnamese werewolves?
Naturally, my good boy.
I see I have two options.
One, I stay and you pull me into
this fantasy world that doesn't exist,
or two, and by far the surest
of my two options...
is I walk out that door and continue
to live a life of clear and precise rules.
Or you can shut up and listen.
Because we're only gonna do this once.
Oh, man. Let me tell you
something about your options.
They don't mean squat.
Follow me or go home.
Either way, we need to prepare.
Kill him. Kill him
before he fully changes.
All those options you had, hoss?
Ain't worth the tea in a china shop.
Kill him.
- Kill him.
- This is your enemy.
Don't let your mind create
sympathy for a beast.
An animal.
- Kill him.
- Don't let that animal surface.
Kill him.
This is the last...
they're gonna attend.
Allow me to introduce myself.
And save you the paperwork.
Was it fun?
I painted the fucking Mona Lisa.
Stay focused. Sin wants this
to play out according to plan.
Well, look at them.
They don't know what to do.
Clean up after yourself, will ya?
What is your problem?
I could ask you the same.
I'm convinced you don't have a brain.
You don't fully understand
if you're not careful.
Or in your case not stupid.
I don't think you fully understand that.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Could he really be telling the truth?
I saw a glimpse.
Did you ever catch a glimpse
of something that...
you didn't understand, but...
you knew somehow...
it was gonna be life changing?
You are really messed up, aren't you?
I mean, you look like you have it
all together, but you clearly don't.
I can still see what you're hearing
which means you're not full.
This bitch is truly crazy.
What do you want from me?
I mean, what are you really doing here?
Let's go get some fresh air.
This is so good.
What?
Nothing, it's just...
It's just not what I expected
when you said fresh air.
Okay, so you wanted me to act all crazy?
What are you looking at?
Dude, I'm totally kidding!
Have you ever mind surfed?
No, I can't say that I have.
Okay.
I'll show you something crazy.
What have I gotten myself into?
- What did you do?
- Shut up and buckle your seatbelt.
- But why, it's...
- Just give it a minute.
Close your eyes.
And think about anyplace
in the world you wanna travel to.
It can be an idea, a place, a dream.
Got it?
Okay, now hold that image in your mind.
Am I really here?
Did she do this, or...
How can we be in one place,
the same place, if it's a fantasy?
Is this for real?
Isn't this real?
This place.
Isn't this more real
than anything else out there?
This place is impossible.
Sure doesn't seem that way sometimes.
It's the only place I can think.
Why can't you stay here
all the time? I mean...
Why go back if the noise
bothers you so much?
Because...
Does he truly not see?
Could he be this dumb,
or is he really different?
Because I can't keep chasing
a shadow, Chase.
I'm only here for this.
The now.
What are you running from?
What aren't you telling me?
You do not have to follow me.
I'm highly capable of being by myself.
Yeah, but you won't be as capable
when the red moon arrives.
So what do you wanna do?
You wanna be happy
like your little girlfriend over there?
You can end all of your troubles.
I think I know someone
that can help you, but...
You have to trust me.
I almost feel sorry for them.
They are a destructive breed.
Save your empathy, Kaio.
What are you afraid of?
You like to party?
You like to have fun?
Well, we're gonna have a lot of fun.
What do you want with me?
Let me go!
We just wanna have a good time!
Grab hold.
It's showtime.
Hold on to me and don't let go
no matter what.
Try not to fight it... when it comes.
Rage.
Take a good look.
All around you.
This is your future.
Tell everyone you know
how much fun you had here today.
And that we intend
on having even more fun
next time with more familiar guests.
I don't think this is one
of your better ideas.
We don't have a choice. Besides that...
I think he knows more
than he was leading us to believe.
All right,
that's far enough here, Chief.
Henrick...
she's changing.
We need your help.
Why didn't you say so?
Now that makes everything
all square then, now don't it?
You and that thing...
can't be here.
- I know you know what's going on.
- There's no time.
Sir, I don't know you...
but in a mere matter of days, I'm not
gonna be able to control my thirst to kill.
We just wanna make sure
you understand that one of the people
I could potentially rip into pieces
while eating their fucking insides
and crushing their bones one by one...
may very well be your daughter.
So you can either shoot me now,
or I'll be seeing you very soon.
I fear in a not very pleasant affair.
Or you can tell us what you know.
I can tell you what I know.
Can the both of you please follow me
politely into the woods?
Now you gotta trust all your senses
'cause the ones chasing you
ain't no ordinary pack of wolves.
Come here, my little fire starter.
Now close your eyes.
What do you see?
I s... I see...
Okay, if you see anything... but black,
let me know your secret 'cause them eyes
ain't got no curtains, you know what I mean?
All right, close your eyes.
They closed?
Now walk forward.
Slow, be calm.
Everything is good.
Hear it.
Feel your surroundings.
That was, that...
That was far out.
Each member of this rogue wolf pack
is a master of vulnerabilities,
so no matter what you learn here today,
no matter...
Lesson over.
- Sorry.
- Dawn...
Man. Listen, kid, when your girlfriend
is an unstoppable killing machine...
give her all the space she needs.
Scared the hell outta me.
Henrick.
Henrick...
we grow tired of waiting,
and Sin's patience has worn thin.
Maybe you're not grasping
the importance of the order of things.
We bring you lab rats
and you give us what we need.
There's no room for personal feelings.
Like I told your traveling freak show
before, I'm moving as fast as I can, slick.
And you tell Sin
I will not be intimidated.
If fear is the catalyst you seek,
then allow me to oblige.
You think this is about
the destruction of our species?
This is about the survival...
of mankind.
Kaio!
Kaio has a very special ability.
They say that her pack travel in swarms
devouring everything in their path.
They bonded, one to another.
Each fiber of their being
using their connection to control
the elements, the life force.
One body, one soul.
The girl... the girl's here.
I can feel her presence.
There's something else.
An element I've never felt before.
Something...
powerful.
Finish it.
This can't be the same place, can it?
Dawn?
Go away.
This is just a dream, Dawn.
What do you want, Chase?
I just want...
to be honest...
I don't know what I want.
This shit... it's all crazy.
You're weird, and I'm weird.
You're a killer, a wolf...
a fairy?
I don't know...
but it scares the hell out of me.
Yet...
here I am.
So maybe I have some things
I have to sort out, deal with.
Or maybe I just need you.
I'm only here for this moment, Chase.
I'm not real.
You seem real to me.
You have so much in you
and you can't see.
It's driving you crazy.
Literally... insane.
I don't know what to do.
There's nothing for you to do.
Why do you people always feel
like you have to do something?
This world isn't for you
to understand, nor am I.
All you need to understand is
that when the red moon comes,
I'm not gonna be this shell that you see,
I'm gonna be who I really am.
My true self, Chase.
You can spend your whole life
chasing shadows.
Something you'll never fully comprehend.
I have people after me,
people who wanna see me bleed.
But you can decide.
I have decided.
To give everybody what they want.
No...
you can decide what you wanna be.
You can choose.
Love.
Silly. You're just a silly boy.
You don't know a thing about me,
you don't even know yourself.
Just do everybody a favor and leave.
I'm not a good person, Chase.
This... this is living, my friend.
This is living.
Let's go play some games
that are rigged, or what?
Let's do it, man.
I love this, man.
You know, I know
we haven't talked much, but...
the whole point of this
is to pick up hot girls,
play games,
and have fun, you know?
There's a lot on my mind.
Man, that's why I'm here, dude.
We're reliving our childhood dreams
of winning a unicorn.
Eating funnel cakes...
and, like, having good ol' fashioned fun,
you know, that's just what it's...
Oh, my God.
Is that the Mind Twister?
I told myself when I came back
I was gonna conquer that,
and we're gonna do that today, okay?
So what do you say? Let's go ride that.
Let's go! Let's go, buddy!
You made me cry once, you bastard.
But not today.
I'm gonna ride you
without throwing up today!
Yeah!
No, man, not again!
Not a word, Chase.
Damn you, Mind Twister.
I'm gonna beat you someday, man.
Someday.
Could that be Sin?
Like the new look?
You've gone mad,
Sin would never give you power.
Let's move!
What were you doing here?
Gotcha!
Now the fun starts.
Where am I?
You're in the woods,
what does it look like?
Fair enough.
Where's Dawn?
Chase, better run along like a good boy
and let the adults talk.
Dawn is waiting nearby.
And if I were you, I would hurry
before the full moon comes.
What have you done to her?
There isn't much time, go!
- What about you?
- I can handle myself, now go!
I am Kaio of The One.
And I don't give a shit!
Mind Twister wins again.
Dawn!
I think they left your hands untied.
All right, that's cool.
Yeah, that's good, just breathe that in.
I hope I'm not too late.
I know you're in there, Dawn.
Nothing can stop what is true nature.
- Kill him.
- Come to your senses, Dawn!
I am the apex!
Dawn!
This isn't you!
- Come on, go.
- Dawn, she's just...
Trust me.
You have the audacity...
to come into my home...
and disrespect me?
How dare you ruin my fun?
I am Gecko!
Of Titan!
Celestial immortal!
And I challenge you.
Are you ready?
I am.
I've never seen someone recover
so far from the Wolfsbane spell.
This may be a challenge after all.
Good...
there is some fight in you.
But you're gonna need more than that...
for me.
Dawn!
The war's just getting started!
Are you ready?
Good, daughter of Henrick.
Very good.
Yeah, well, you're the werewolf...
but so far you've been like a bitch!
Make no mistake.
I will kill you.
Bold words.
Let's see if you can back them up.
Stop!
No one's ever drawn on strength...
faction serpent attack.
Come on!
Venom strike.
What you feel now...
coursing through your veins,
is more potent than any venom...
Found in your...
King Cobra snake.
I'm surprised you're still breathing.
But I suspect that in a matter
of minutes,
you'll lose all sensation in your body.
As your organs begin to shut down.
No one's ever survived my venom strike,
and the reason...
the reason no one's ever
survived my venom strike...
listen closely, this is very important.
And the reason no one's ever survived
my venom strike
is because the venom is directly linked
to my heartbeat.
So with each beat of my heart,
the venom continues...
to find its way...
deeper and deeper...
and deeper into your veins.
So you see...
the only way to live...
is to kill me.
And that...
is why this attack is foolproof
and will never fail.
Because while you lie there
writhing in pain...
unable to find the energy
to fill your lungs with air,
I have the strength to finish you off!
At my convenience.
And what makes this
even more entertaining...
is that the same venom...
is coursing through your girlfriend's
veins as well.
But I have a special plan for her.
Nothing to concern yourself with.
As you won't be around to see it.
But let me just give you
a little hint and say...
I get to have a little fun.
That power.
But where?
Could that power be her?
That's not possible!
I can't see your weak points!
You will pay for those you have hurt.
I can't see your weak points...
I am the apex.
I have no weakness.
Whole faction serpent attack.
Venom strike!
Are you having fun yet?
You're too late!
Wouldn't you know...
how fun.
Sounds like everything's
going according to plan.
Sounded like one of your own!
A necessary evil.
Gecko served his purpose,
as you soon shall.
No, no.
Get ready.
What's the matter? A second ago
you said you were gonna kill me.
How disappointing.
To see that your diatribe
was merely hollow words.
You have no place here.
I can hear what you're thinking,
daughter of Henrick.
Father... I have failed you.
Hey.
I think mind surfing's a bit safer
in comparison to all of this.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org